this second period but at 14 against
It is true that he deserves
score an essay that will not be marked
for the moment come cabos you who the
drop nec no to 14 against 15
yeah but that's
I had to make an ox
jurado five minutes while that
it's clear now
there is no reason to get upset next
clermontois loic jacquet talent went
rub nymex because the swiss la
anger frustration at the listened to
thresholds the remorseful side
stay lucid
I 'm the one who came to mark me
think we'll see that again
yeah but what's he doing
there yes but there is a pear there is a pear
that's why and because there is a
wolf jack arrives behind
and you 'll see it's silly to watch
a giant who stops
Yes
in the evening that his shares at stake in the in
goal
today
except that it's not good
m
you would see
nothing very dangerous on the part of
to clearly see on the test it
come here he was lying there is nothing
bio the year behind is not a shot
elbow
it can be expensive
Richir
and at most just aggressive and of
the importer understand me
yes
but no it's not you me
he said the Syrians
I serve nothing
dispel the evening